# SocraticSwarm
A simulator and algorithms using deccentralized receding horizon control for coordinating autonomous UAV systems in completing a search task.

Abstract:
In recent years, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have become commonplace. They have been used most notably for military purposes, film making, and more recently, parcel delivery. How- ever, current UAV technologies focus on piloted systems. While some focus has shifted toward fully autonomous systems, with large companies like Google and Amazon investing heavily in such technologies, many developments still need to be made for these autonomous systems to become commonplace. Most important, and detrimental, is the maximum flight time of these systems. Current battery technologies cannot sustain motor function for extensive periods of time, particu- larly in multi-copter systems. In most cases, these systems still cannot accomplish their designated tasks without recharging, often requiring manual supervision. This restricts the completion tasks such as mapping and exploration, which can be beneficial for many industries, particularly agri- culture. However, recent developments in systems of multiple autonomous agents have shown that coordinated tasks can be accomplished at a much faster pace and in the available amount of flight time. As such, we pursue a multi-agent system, which can accomplish a mapping and exploration task in a fully decentralized and self-coordinated autonomous manner. To complete such a task, we propose and construct swarm behavioural algorithms. Through our simulations, we show the algo- rithms’ feasibility in accomplishing a search and exploration task, while demonstrating the agents’ ability to autonomously make decisions in a decentralized fashion. In the course of this project, we designed such a system and its requirements, researched the appropriate technologies, and built a comprehensive 3D simulation.
